some of you might recognize evergreen
flying service the school started in
1946 by Wally Olson one of the planes in
this service had over 50,000 flight
school hours hi I'm Matt dragon and
welcome to virtual test prep ASA's dvd
ground school I'll be your host for the
next few hours of your flight instructor
ground school training now let me be the
first to congratulate you on your desire
to become a flight instructor also I
want to thank you for selecting ASA's
virtual test prep as your aviation
ground school now the primary objective
of ASA's virtual test prep is to teach
you everything you need to know to ace
the FAA knowledge exam for the flight
instructor rating virtual test prep is
very flexible for example you can use
this video course either standalone with
the provided test prep or use this video
along with ASA's interactive software
prep where now either way you can be
sure that you'll get an excellent score
on your FAA knowledge exam the best way
to study for the FAA knowledge exam is
to just follow along through this course
completing each lesson in order each
lesson contains an interactive quiz with
typical FAA questions complete with
explanations and a correct answer after
completing a lesson you go on to the
same lesson in the a sa test prep and
answer the questions within that chapter
once you successfully answer all the
questions in your test prep chapter or
prep where lesson go on to the next DVD
lesson upon completion of all the
lessons you'll have the opportunity to
take two full-length practice exams
you'll send these exams into us to
receive your instructor sign off that's
all there is to it now I'd like to
introduce you to your a sa virtual test
prep instructors Dave Celeste key josh
Prue's ech
robert Brimmer and Roger Steinbach now
in addition to being one of your ground
school instructors and a commercial
pilot Dave is also a meteorologist
for Channel eight the NBC affiliate in
Portland Oregon
Dave also enjoys flying his Aronica
champ
your next instructor is Josh Cruz ech
josh is a full-time flight instructor
and it shows josh really enjoys ground
and flight instruction bringing
enthusiasm and a determined quest for
excellence to this course
Robert grimmer is an experienced
instructor with more than 3000 hours of
flight instruction loves teaching and is
an avid taildragger pilot now
Roger Steinbach aviation background
spans more than 30 years with more than
4,700 hours of flight instruction in
addition to his instrument flight
instructor rating Roger also holds a
Juris Doctorate degree from LaSalle law
school he also enjoys his Piper pacer
and Beech Bonanza know unlike some other
video courses we won't go over every
possible FAA knowledge test question
that would be very grueling and of
course not very productive instead we'll
cover each question type in depth and
explain representative problems and
questions this way you'll be able to
solve and answer any of the FAA
knowledge questions not just from rote
memorization but from your understanding
of the subject matter than this Airport
Romeo contact comma one two three point
seven seven switch to the top twenty
three seven seven one six nine golf
Romeo wants exact golf Romeo is ready on
the ILS to it right down only they like
turtle and waiting to buy their own
thing to it right now we've got the one
one six nine go Romeo we're gonna make a
slight heading correction here and we're
gonna track the ILS all the way on down
to the ground however you're a si test
prep and prep we're software do contain
all current and valid FAA questions also
each lesson contains an interactive
review quiz on DVD I want to encourage
you to take this quiz after completing
each lesson to ensure you understand the
subject matter completely
this way the knowledge will stick with
you long after you've taken the FAA and
knowledge test a si virtual test prep is
organized into these lessons lesson
number one fundamentals of instructions
lesson two aerodynamics
lesson three aircraft systems
lesson for aircraft performance
lesson five weather and weather services
lesson six navigation
lessons Sabbath procedures and airport
operations
lesson eight regulations
lesson nine flight instruction maneuvers
lesson 10 flight physiology
and finally test tips
you